Once the presents are opened and the carols are sung dad is off snoozing the stockings on hung
There's one present left that you all can share. It's a present from Nick chosen with care. It's a merry snake Christmas a night of Nick shows
It's a merry snake Christmas complete with snake snows its cupcakes and snowflakes rug rats in the den
It's prancers and dancers pork chop in the pen
tune in Saturday for a Christmas Nick gift starts at 8 7 central on Nickelodeon
Dear journal funny how on the brink of the best holiday of the whole year the worst thing that could possibly happen happened
Troubles started a couple of days before Christmas
For chop baby, are you okay? I saw the whole thing. He came up behind her in bidder
For chop bad dog this before don't bite people even if it is baby with clowning around pork chop
This is serious you go in your igloo and think about what you did
Only two more Christmas shopping hours until mom gets home
Honestly Doug you're slower than Christmas
And here's my secret just make sure you marinate the cocktail weenies in grape jelly first
It's the
Next caller
Well, as you know due to a fluke election
I'm not the official mayor at the moment, but since the current mayor is away for the week
You can call me the mayor what's your question? Well, I suppose you heard about that little girl being a
Attacked I guess I shouldn't have yelled at him. I hope he doesn't think I hate him. Yeah, uh-huh. I don't know
They don't have any nine irons like dad asked for
How about we just get him three three irons cool. Well, that was easier than I thought
Perfect, I decided it was cheaper to get a two and a seven iron. I hope he doesn't already have one
Stand back folks. It's all under control now. Your holiday is safe
It's the mayor. Yes, the mayor's here
Once again, thanks to me your former mayor the children of bluffing tin are safe from this
This brutal trained killing machine
Take him away boys. You can relax now citizen. We're putting that dog away for good
Wait, what happened?
Let's go
They can't really do that. Can they put pork chop away for good
I wouldn't worry too much son. This time of year everybody's thinking about peace on earth and good will to work dogs
Are you sure pork chop was just trying to play with baby? Of course mom
You know pork chop. He wouldn't hurt a flea to think a
Raving mad lunatic dog living right under our roof. Shoot it dog. It's for you. It's always the quiet ones
Is it dear?
It's from mr. Bluffs lawyer. They're pressing charges against pork chop. Let's see that son
This looks pretty serious Phil. What are we gonna do? This is crazy
Everybody knows pork chops a nice dog. That's it. We can get everybody to say what a nice dog pork
Chop is huh? Oh
Yes, we could circulate a petition Satan just that and take it to mr. Bluff
Thanks, mom dad, but pork chop is my dog and best friend
I think I should do this myself
See ya
Well, of course, I'll sign Douglas. All right. I just wish tippy was in town. I know she'd want to sign too
Oh, that's okay, mr. Dink. I'll get the rest of the town to sign it
Well, sure you will good luck very Christmas Douglas
It started out great, but then no, no, no, I don't want to be mixed up in this mess, but
Now he wants to put my dog to sleep your dog dog
They can't do that then you'll sign sure honey. That's the dog on the news. Oh
Sorry, this is Christmas. It's no time for petitions and legal business
It's time for presents and cookies and strudel and but mrs.
Spindle this is supposed to be a happy time
This is not happy save it for after the holiday, but by then it'll be too late
You should have thought of that before
It was no use nobody cared they were too busy with their own Christmas
Hospital one brave little girl quietly recovers from a vicious attack
Thanks to the effort of Bluffington's former mayor white the mad dog is in custody here in the city's pound
Action I news has put together this recreation of the nightmare on Lucky Duck Lake
Wait a minute, that's not what happened. This was getting way out of control
I had to talk to be be right away, but when I got to the hospital
Mr. Bluff hello, I'm Doug funny the boy you're pressing charges against can I talk to be be oh
No, sorry out of the question. She's much too traumatized, but mr. Bluff
That's what I want to talk about this whole thing has gotten crazy
Pork chop didn't mean to hurt be be he was just playing or something
Well, I think we'll let the court decide whether putting an innocent girl in the hospital is just playing with her
Mr. Bluff, I'm sorry. It's no use son. I just don't like dogs. They don't have any money
They don't even know what money is, but that's no reason to take it out on pork chop. It's a perfect reason. He's a dog, isn't it?
But he's not just a dog mr. Bluff. He's really smart. He's like my best friend
Take my advice young man get a new best friend
I knew then I needed help and I knew just who to turn to you know
Who I am maybe your comic books all the time, but what are we doing here something about a missing dog?
I believe smash atoms
Two months stirred not shaken. So you're behind this not hardly, but then who could have sent for us
I did gentlemen
I brought you here because you're the three greatest heroes in the world and together
We're going to get pork chop back
Stay tuned because Nickelodeon's merry Snick Christmas will be right back
Not yet, but he's coming to town for the Rugrats holiday special tonight at 9 8 central only on Nickelodeon
What it feels like
It's Sonic
It's pinball
Let's do Sonic's pinball Sonic's pinball game cartridge and Sega Genesis sold separately. They're a long way from home
Oh
No, they're the toast of the town. I'm very pleased to meet you, but one man
That's the bad guy is turning the tears into fear
Are you afraid this guy's nuts and turning two kids into heroes?
Steven Spielberg presents we're back a dinosaur story rated G now playing in theaters everywhere
The new snap together color-coded construction set
If kids like me took over the world, there wouldn't be any school
But we'll keep school, but it won't really be like school
Our favorite classes will be gym recess and marine biology or we'll learn how to save the whales as long as we're changing the world
Let's change the name to make world because McDonald's will be the official food
We'll take all-day field trips Mickey D's which ran a crutch mark will never go on
It's he'll be in permanent detention. He picked on me in social studies
And you know, that's a cool gym teacher for once
You about for a game of horse
Hey, it could happen to Nickelodeon's Merry Snick Christmas
Entrances here and here guard tower barbed wire fence pork chop is someplace inside here our mission
Get pork chop out any ideas?
Fly in paralyze the guards with my quail eye and ask them nicely to let pork chop out. I can't fly
Oh, right race. I just go in and start punching the guards
chicken
Oh, well, maybe not smash. Well, you need some high-tech gadgetry
Do you know anybody who can help you inventors technical people?
I think we may have just a thing for you Doug funny during Christmas break
We have worked out many devices here in our father's bakery that combined the delicious flavor of holiday baked goods with state-of-the-art
Weapons technology, I don't want to hurt anybody. I just want to make a clean getaway
Then this is all we have a delightful holiday cupcake, but concealed inside is a smoke bomb
You simply pull off the cherry and throw
Perfect. Oh cupcakes allowed. What but that's that's a Christmas present for my dog. Oh
Now ski. Oh
Yes, sir, we're keeping a close watch on him
Oh
Porch up very bad dog
You go hopeless the trial was the next day
I spent all night trying to come up with some other way to save him
But all I could think about was the Christmas when I got pork chop and then last Christmas
When he gave me this journal this Christmas. Hey, I'm missing my office Christmas party
Can we make this short call me your honor bill and don't worry?
We'll be out of here in no time court is now in session the people of bluffington versus pork chop the dog
Purchase here the court
Everything happened so fast the special dog psychologist told everybody that then in my expert opinion
These close set eyes definitely indicate a pronounced instability and possible killer
Tendencies luckily that gave me time to try to understand what pork chop was trying to say go to
Sounds like rake
Lake you want us to go to the lake pork chop?
Look at him now. Look how he's acting crazy. I tell you the dog's a killer
And then they drop their bomb the prosecution has but one witness left to call your honor
I asked it baby bluff take the staff
During the court order I say
She really was hurt a wheelchair. You didn't say you bit her that hard. I didn't know I had no idea
So what do we do now? I wish I had known about this
I think we should plead guilty and maybe we could find somebody to testify. What?
Play guilty. Are you crazy pork chop didn't do anything wrong? Listen to me. There's no other choice
I know what I'm doing
I'm just going to have to deal with this myself
He pulled me across the ice by my foot. Oh, but it sounds worse than it no further questions
But it didn't hurt no further questions. You can step down now. Do I get to ask some questions?
Your honor, I'll beg you. She's much too tired to suffer any further torment from this boy and his dog
But isn't she a brave little girl ladies and gentlemen?
Well, I think I'm ready to render a verdict your honor doesn't pork chop get to tell his side of the story
And how is he going to do that? Does anyone here speak dog?
Your honor he's been trying to tell me something about the lake if we could just go out there
No, no, no, no out of the question. I'm not about to haul this entire please your honor
May I remind you young man that it is Christmas Eve. We all have families waiting
That's just what I've been trying to say pork chop is part of my family just as much as BB is to the bluffs
But he's just a dog. Yes, but but he's a part of our community too
Like everybody here. Well, maybe not the biggest part, but I mean isn't Christmas when we're supposed to
To show how much we care about others show how much we care about everybody in the community
Mrs. Warts when you went to peakville to visit your aunt maxi who babysat little Jimmy and Jeffy pork chop and
Mr.. Mrs. Larkin when your house burned down who was there the next morning with hammer and nails and a big batch of cookies to
Pork chop
He helped me fix my transmission. He saved my hair
Hmm and judge Peterson who was there after your daughter gotten that accident who taught her to walk again
Well, I helped a little your honor now pork chop needs our help
Shouldn't we at least give him a chance to explain what happened?
Young man, we had better find something out there court will reconvene at Lucky Duck Lake
So I was skating along here and he bit me where were you exactly do you remember I don't know
Around here someplace there. There's the pine cone. We were using for a park. Okay, so I was skating over there
What's matter for chop, it's just lucky we have these guards this time. I think we've seen enough
Please there's got to be some reason
What is it? What do you want to show me?
So in one hour pork chop went from being a killer to a hero
All Christmas Day people came by to see him including
Bebe thought it'd be a good idea if we came and well asked if there was any way we could thank pork chop for saving a life
I didn't have any idea, but pork chop did
So Christmas Day there was a fantastic dinner like never before right in the middle of town for all the dogs from the pound
Even the former mayor was there
He used his radio show to find homes for all the dogs and mr. Bluff himself gave the toast
Merry Christmas to all and our special and heartfelt thanks to the greatest hero bluffing din has ever seen
pork chop
Big Christmas Bowl game is being played right now at Cleats and Snakes ranked number one in low price customer attendance for our
Christmas Bowl is a sellout Cleats and Snakes is pouring on the savings on your top ranch this Christmas
Give them what they want at a price you want to pay like champion sweats real performance wear number one selection of colors and styles
Champion don't miss the big Christmas Bowl savings at Cleats and Snakes number one in low price
Would you love to know about your future real questions about love
business
Relocation family and children
Psychic Maria has the answers
The experience of your past life and how do you set present relationships?
You can call Maria anytime
Consultations are strictly confidential call Maria. You'll be amazed at what she already knows about you
In ball video game called Kirby's pinball land and curbies over the place all you do is keep Kirby
As long as you can get Nintendo's new Kirby's pinball land for Game Boy, and we'll bet you won't go
Craft macaroni and cheese presents Super Mario Bros.
Super Mario Bros. Now it's your turn to put the bike on Bowser
Mario
Walter what are you doing?
Happy holidays
The hottest video games for Christmas
Ask an expert Pilsen blockbuster
Blockbuster has the latest games from Sony image soft go for the jugular in Ram Stoker's Dracula
Or hang on for white buckle action in cliffhanger to all the bits from Sony image soft game zone separately
Team by success the turtles lost their savage edge
Greed is dead. It's a new breed carved from the streets
Concrete fist better alien flesh one on one as power joins forces with rage
Ripping through fear and no one sheds a tear for mutilated mutants
Giant warriors crushed by three cup hurdles with just soft shell for a high dose of reality
economics tournament fighters
Will Angelica learn the true meaning of Christmas in time to escape Santa's bag of cold
Find out next on a special Christmas episode of the Rugrats as Mary snick Christmas continues on Nick
Gives you presents. That's not what I heard. Okay. Who's next to see Santa?
Ho ho ho and how are you today little?
Angelica
Angelica, why don't you tell Santa what you want for Christmas?
I want a luxurious hair Cynthia dog. Of course you do and if you're a good little girl
Teenage nuclear fusion squad video game well a rock home. Mr. X exploding smash up doll a Beverly Hills Cynthia lunchbox a pony and a
9-11 emergency surgical kit with working stethoscope. Yes, it's an awful lot of
But the biggest the most important this thing I want is a deluxe Cynthia beach house with real working hot-tub satellite dish
Entertainment Center and attached garage. Yes. Um, uh, Angelica
That's a money-long list of toys. I don't know
Santa Claus, I thought he only gave you stuff at Christmas. Nah, you just gotta know how to work
Cheer up big bro. Stu. Can you imagine how upset Angelica must be finding out that that department store Santa was a fake
She doesn't look that upset to me. Yeah, the manager gave her practically every toy in the store
Do you think toys can compensate for what she's been through? She may be traumatized for life
Well, even if she is traumatized for life true she'll still have a better Christmas than I ever had
What do you mean Charles? Didn't you ever have a big special dinner with lots of family and presents?
When I was a kid Christmas was always kind of
Disappointing the best gift I ever got was a rubber glove and a tug depressor
I'm just afraid it'll be the same for Chucky. I just wish I could do something to reaffirm Angelica's faith in Santa
Hey, I know let's rent a place up in the mountains and do it upright a real white Christmas
What a great idea we can chop down our own tree and sing carols and open our presents up there in Christmas morning
I'll call the travel agent and get a cabin. I'll go buy some lights and ornaments
And fall asleep in front of the TV
Just my luck I get a whole bunch of toys and not one of them is any fun
What am I gonna do with a bunch of dumb old crayons? What's this a red tar space helmet?
Great, just great
I'm telling you Tommy that Santa's a bad guy. He's always watching you keep track of everything you do
And then it's a bill of the night. He brings it to your house with a big bag full of who knows what?
Chucky, he's got presents in that bag. Oh sure. That's what he wants you to think
What's the matter with you? Oh?
I just wish I could figure out what to give love from Christmas
Really? What if you gave her something for her favorite coloring book like maybe crayons. Yeah
But Angelica, where am I gonna get a great present like that right here?
Thanks Angelica. What about not so fast?
You can have them all right, but it's gonna cost you cost me not a lot
Just your reptile my raptor doll, but that's my favorite is toy ever. Well, can't say I didn't try
Okay, okay, that was my sister doesn't get any better than this wait a minute
Maybe I know it's only a few days till Christmas, but don't you have anything?
Yes
No, I don't think Tiawan is the right location
Poor Angelica Christmas is ruined forever poor Chucky
I still wish there was something I could do to make Christmas extra special
If only I could make it up to her. I mean make Santa come alive again. Yeah, but how?
Got an idea? No, no you go first. No, no you okay
I was thinking why don't I dress up as Santa and come down the chimney on Christmas Eve
The kids will hear me wake up come downstairs and get a glimpse of old Saint Nick
Well, that's exactly what I was thinking. You were? Yeah, of course
We wouldn't actually have you as Santa. I mean we'd get a professional. What's wrong with me?
I'm a good actor remember our fourth grade play. I got the title role and we did the willow's
Chas you were a tree. I was the willow
Forget it Chas. I'm hiring the professional
Trying to figure out something to give Phil for Christmas
You know, I'm your friend. I know these things
Now think for a second. What feels favorite as toy in the whole world?
Is building blocks? No, think again. He's pop-out look one more time
Stuff alligator with the missing eye. No, he has reptar doll. Oh, yeah
Now, what could you give him to make his reptar doll better? Another reptar doll to be its friend
No, a reptar on my sing-a-law record. No, I'm telling the dog
I'm not gonna get a reptar space from it
Trick Cynthia Phil's gonna get a reptar space helmet for Christmas
But he doesn't have his reptar doll and Lil's gonna get crayons, but she doesn't have her coloring book
I'm bad Cynthia
real bad
He's bad Tommy real bad. I keep John you Chucky. He's nice
I just wish I could catch you to show you Chucky. That's it
We'll catch them in a trap and make him tell us if he's good or bad, but I don't want to catch him gather round Sprats
I want to tell you about Santa Claus
Now maybe you've heard folks saying he's not real just a fairy tale
Well, it ain't the truth. St. Nick is as real as you and me
That's right. I've seen him with my own two eyes
Yep, and here's the point of my story
You see Santa may be old, but he's as sharp as a toothpick and if you've been bad
You don't get that special doll you wanted or that fine-looking electric train
Instead you get a great big ugly
Of course, none of this applies to any of you Sprats you won't be good as good
Guess what everybody? We got a cabin
Yes sugar, is it true that if you're a bad little kid Santa Claus will give you a lump of coal instead of presents sure is pumpkin
Sweet dreams princess. I don't care what they say Cynthia that guy Santa can't possibly know that trick
I played on Phil and Lil canny
Course not
What a great trick I played
Dumb old Santa
great trick
Can't know
And they're all for you
Oh
Phil got a new reptile doll. Lil got a new coloring book and what did you get?
What happened sweetie
Not yet, then it was just a dream. There's still time
You'll see him later today when we go up to the mountains right now. Why don't you get some sleep while it's still dark?
There's still time. We gotta train Phil on those presents back before it's too late
There'll be more merry Snick Christmas shows right after this Mark Weiner is sleeping now
So that he'll be wide awake next Friday and he and his friends from Wienerville host the first ever Nick New Year's Eve
Finally, there's stuff you want to watch when you stay up Nick's got a full night of all your favorite Nick shows
With surprise guests surprise episodes and hey, there's even a few surprises for Mark, too
Hmm. Oh nothing go back to sleep Mark
So get some rest and get ready for the first ever Nick New Year's Eve starting next Friday at 8 7 central only on Nickelodeon
Who's Kirby behind the flabby facade of physical powerhouse a street fighter
Weapons expert
He's whatever the situation demands in Kirby's adventure evil King D. D. Stolen Dreamland's dreams
Now Kirby's fighting to get him back level by nightmarish level. That's Kirby. He's cute
Across him, then he's one tough cream puff Kirby's adventure on any yes
Connects to next the new snap-together color-coded construction sets if kids like me around in the world
I finally have my own room and no one but my friends will be allowed to come in because I have a special lock put on my door
I'll have a super events chemistry set that I'll use to fix the ozone layer and to cure that thing that happens to your head when you eat ice cream
Too fast and when I'm having a big Mac attack
I'll just go downstairs because I'm having a Mickey D's bit on the back of our house
Then me and my friends could act totally goofy whenever you want Jonathan Edward Moore pipe down or you'll be sent to your room
Excellent
How big is Nickelodeon?
Nickelodeon
Nickelodeon's Merry Snick Christmas
I'm a favor. Well, uh-huh very you to our come on kids. Mama's taking you to cut down your first Christmas tree
Crap. Do you want to catch Santa toby? Maybe he'll just leave us alone. Jucky. Don't worry. He's nice
Now let's go. We got to check the whole house for places to sit Santa traps
Doggy door check
Dining windows check
Gimli, Gimli. You're right. No one in the right mind would try to come down a Gimli
Jonathan listen, I am tired of these endless justifications
Mommy, can I go chop down a tree without Diddy? Sure, Han, have fun. Now Jonathan
Charlotte, it's so nice you could finally get away from work to spend the holidays with us
Well, it is Christmas after all the season of love and joy
I don't care Jonathan. We've got to crush the competition and we've got to crush them now
Okay, I got the axe. Great. I got the permit. Let's go chop ourselves a sampling
As soon as we get on the sled we'll be able to talk
How about this one? Uh too small
How about that one?
Not enough branches in the back. Come on Dita trees a tree. Just pick one
That's it. It's exactly the right size. The perfect shape isn't it cute? Good choice D. Now stand back. What are you doing?
I'm gonna chop it down. Oh, no you don't. Not this tree. I think I could talk to you guys for a second
Sure. About what? About presents
It all started when the first present was given by the pilgrims a long long time ago after that
Everybody started giving presents. Even the Easter Bunny started giving them till Santa slapped him with a lawsuit. So anyway
What I'm trying to say is, yeah
I'm a problem solver. I just inherently know what to do. People call me up. I know the answer
I was born with the talent. Yeah, I know I know. Well, listen. I know more than any lawyer. You would have to start with me
They're not afraid. What are you kidding? They call me they could solve with me
Oh, is that right? Well, listen, I have a couple of things
To do with my time I can tell you that much. Are you kidding? Certainly not
I can't leave that office for one minute without something just offer heaven sex. Well, of course, I know what to do
I inherently know what to do with everything
I pay you and I pay you plenty
Tell those personnel people to remove paragraph three and replace it with a Santa Claus
I mean a sanity cause. Well, suppose I can't try to make up for doing something bad
But she couldn't fix it. Would Santa still bring her a lump of coal? Oh, Angelica
You're such a good little girl. I don't know why you have so many questions about bad children
Isn't that cute?
Time to put the young ins to bed
Chucky must
play
Awake
Chucky almost went to sleep. Oh, Tabby
I'm awake. Oh, no, Chucky. They'll never sleep
Chucky, I guess it's up to me. Maybe I'll just make myself comfy while I wait
Something I learned in life and that is to be a self-starter everywhere I am today. I have done myself
They get a load of this
Is this a sandy experience? Yeah, just calling to confirm the sandy act tonight. Great
Holidays can be a depressing time of the year
You said it don't let this very special time of year become a nightmare for you
Call 1-800-555-Yule and talk to someone who cares
555-555-555
Togs unlimited. Um, Wharton. I think maybe you got the wrong
All right, this is Santa Claus. How can I help you? Oh, hi, Santa. It's me Angelica. Oh, yes. Hello, Angelica
I just wanted to find out if I'm on the good list or the bad list this year. Hmm. Let me check with one of my elves
Oh, yes, Angelica, you're on the oh, yes, you're on the bad list. Thanks for calling
Over Cynthia. My future as a kid is over
Oh, oh boy, that's sad a guy must be a good shape
Oh
It was only your dad toby
Boy for a minute there. I was getting really scared. I thought it was santa. I'm glad it was only
nine two
What are we gonna do toby? What are we gonna do?
Chuckie, Chuckie, what? It's okay, Chuckie. It's just me. Oh, Chuckie
That's not santa. It's just chucky's dad. There is no santa. I'm the problem with the chimney
Oh santa won't you come in?
Merry Christmas, Tommy, Phil, Lil, aren't you guys up past your bedtime?
Merry Christmas, Chuckie
Still think I'm so scary
Angelica
Oh, you know sometimes trying to be good is as important as being good in the first place
Well gotta go another 900 million children on my list
Well, since it's almost morning anyway, why don't we all open our presents? Thanks, Lil
A reptile space helmet a box of crayons
What's wrong, Lil? I gave never mind. I mean you
Did you trade Angelica your reptile doll just to give me these crayons?
And you traded your coloring book to get my reptile space helmet
Merry Christmas
My reptile doll
You know what, santa isn't such a bad guy after all. I told you
Hey Drew, you were right. It was better getting a professional santa. Am I ever wrong?
Hello
Yeah, this is Drew Pickles. Mr. Pickles, this is Barney Stevenson the santa experience
I'm calling from my car phone. You see my car skidded off the road
And I'm not going to be able to make it tonight to do the santa thing. Can we reschedule? Mr. Pickles
I hate Christmas
Who's that?
Wouldn't you know it? The guy I hired to play santa can't make it. He
Who is that?
Angelica, is that a lump of coal?
Snake is kind of like
Snake is so fun. There's not much of a word to describe it. Saturday night, Nick
Snick
Hi, I'm Christina Ricci, R-I-C-C-I
And this is true stories from famous people
True stories from famous people
Brothers and sisters call me Squanto because when I was really little I was like three years old and I wanted to know about Thanksgiving
So my mom took me to the library and I read about
Squanto the Indian and about how he helped the pilgrims and everything and so I went home and I was like preaching to my
Brothers and sisters about how great this person was and how they should all try to be like him
And you know that he was just a sublime human being they got really sick of this little
um
Me, you know this little brat telling them about how wonderful Squanto was so for a while they called me Squant P
And then they sort of broke it down to Squant s q u a n t
You know, I guess we really upset like when they called me Squant. I would like scream and yell no
It's not my name, but now like my brother's like yo Squant. I'm like, yeah
Hey, want to know where to get the hottest video games for Christmas
Ask an expert. He'll say blockbuster
Blockbuster has the latest games from sony image soft go for the jugular and ram stoker's Dracula
Or hang on for white buckle action in cliffhanger to all new hits from sony image soft games so separately hard
Speak stylish and now one of the best values in america
Yes, bro limited time buy the super any a super set and get five complete mario games standard
You'll find the super set is like no other system
In performance handling and mode seven control you'll get super mario world and for 350 and postage
Super mario all stars free with four mario games in one
So stop by your nintendo dealer today
Hey, merry christmas
Merry christmas to you everybody. Merry christmas from all of us at nicolodian
Coming next it's christmas at the roundhouse with more song dance and holiday cheer
It's a veritable winter wonderland next as merry snick christmas continues on nick
At the mall and there's nobody here to bug me with this stupid humbug holiday spirit
Who are you evanese astute?
You stay out of this moe give him an iphone
Oh
Boy the chair is crowded here at the mall in an entirely different location from where we just saw dad
I'll say just look at all the people lined up to sit on santa's knee
Oh, well, that's okay. If you kids want to wait in line. I've got some other things to do mom take a reality pill
Sitting on santa's knee is something only a simple minded juvenile would enjoy
Oh, you're right. He's at home watching the stooches. Oh boy santa. I'm next I'm next
Why don't you kids go see if there's something that might make a good sketch on the other end of the mall
I've got to buy some cards
Say mom, why do we send cards easy there for people? We don't care enough about the spring for a gift sure
But what about those you're not comfortable sending we're letting us holiday cards too
Well, I just pretend not to know them until the new year. That's all jays and skid marks
We have cards for everyone like the athiast
You're a firm non-believer, but time will sure tell because you'll change your mind when you're dead and in
h-e double toothpicks
You're Jewish friends roses are red violets are bluish if it wasn't for Christmas. We all would be Jewish
And the agnostic. Hmm. You're not sure an almighty exists of any kind, but have a merry something and make up your gosh darn mind
That's good mark cards. Maybe you're better off avoiding them until new year
Now the any town mall is proud to present an entertainer we advertise to bring people in
But it's important enough to keep people from shopping
He's the top and he grew hip-hop so rat-maven himself
Forget the ho ho ho because it's time for my Hanukkah show
Welcome my son's a doctor
Just listen to this holiday classic
On the first day of Hanukkah my family get to me
Hey on the second day of Hanukkah my family get to me
Oh
Currently the genius if I got my head stuck in a bucket, I'd never think a dynamite
So dad got all your holiday shopping done fuzz off
I don't have time for you all screen announces. Besides, I don't buy gifts for my family
They're all spoiled rotten. It's two years ago. I got them all subscriptions to my favorite magazine and did they thank me
But wouldn't you like to fill that bare face right under the tree?
The dog will take care of that if you don't watch him
Well, now you can give nothing and still look like a big spender with thrift wrap really big beautiful boxes still without fully nothing
It costs less and we'll never be able to guess what's inside. Say these boxes look pretty impressive. Yep
These boxes look really impressive
My kids they're obedient, but they're not too bright
Look at mine. It's fancy wrapping and it's so light
Let's be a diamond mine is shaped like an electric guitar. Eddie Van Halen rules
Little does he know that it's an air guitar
Thanks, thrift wrap thrift wrap for when your family's full of hot air. Give them the gift that says shut up till next year
Somebody get the door what door dad this set is sort of existential
You see this collage here is supposed to suggest a microcosm of the personal effects of the modern nuclear family
I make a simple request and I get an episode of nova
How do we find out who's at the door?
That was the mailman this package is for you
Oh boy, I got a present
With heavy
I bet it's something I always wanted like a new bowling ball or the gi jane with the kung fu grip or
Oh, it's another food cake. Why do people send these things?
Oh, well play with the rest of the fruit cake. I'm using them to build a barbecue pit. That'll make a good fire break
Wait a minute, what's that noise?
Carol is quick throw the fruit cake out
Oh, so was it deadly weapons. Well then turn the hose on him. Why can't christmas come on to every four years?
What leave christmas?
Can't tell records and the figgy pudding singers are practicing a new album for christmas
Holidays and confused featuring all the carols. Nobody really knows the words to
You'll get favorites like
Holidays and confused today act now and you receive
the
There'll be more mary snick christmas shows right after this
How big is nickalodian?
Nickelodeon
Big
Nickelodeon bigger every day watch feels like that's sonic gergen sega genesis sold separately
Tamed by success the turtles lost their savage edge
Greed is dead. It's a new breed carved from the streets
Concrete fist batter alien flesh one on one
Power joins forces with rage ripping through fear and no one sheds a tear for mutilated mutants
Giant warriors crushed by three tough turtles who have just soft-shelled for a high dose of reality
economics tournament fighters
Hope you're having a merry snick christmas now back to the show
I guess I showed them who almost weighs the pants in his family. Honey, aren't you gonna help us trim the tree?
Come bug. I'm going out to work on my pet project
As you know, I've spent the last two years on a riviera and I'm determined to get that car fixed
Well, there's a fine line between determination and abject stupidity. Don't try to flatter me. I'm still not trimming the tree
Be careful with some of those ornaments pumpkin. They're family early. Oh, yeah, dad had to buy eggions of gas to get the whole set
By christmas ornaments that look like food
People your stomach Billy
Is this a gingerbread man, Billy?
Well, if we're not supposed to eat them, I'll come to me at a toe. Well, you wouldn't need popping fresh, would you Billy?
I don't know. You look good, isn't it? Man, it doesn't stop there
Many children have been seen licking barber poles, which they must took for candy cane
So do all you can to prevent this tragedy from happening in your home because a pine is a terrible thing to taste
You would not believe what's going on in my old backyard. Some jerk is camping out in my riviera
Well, honey, maybe he doesn't have any place else to live
What? You mean he's homeless? Well, I believe they like to be called al fresco americans
Yeah, well, I'm calling a cop. I'm gonna have that bum thrown out on his butt. Well, dad
He was probably just trying to get warm. Hey, listen, I don't go to his house and put that crap
Dad, he doesn't have a house. Yeah, all the more reason for him to spend the holidays in jail
Oh, well continuing with this lovely holiday spirit, let's all trim the tree
Hey dad, what are you doing? I'm turning our festive foliage into snow peak majesty. Huh?
I'm flocking the tree. I've made cocoa
Now for that piece of resistance
Sure what you whip the tree flocker and dessert topping in one
You whip combines the taste of fresh dairy cream with all the goodness of flock
Mmm creamy and a subtle hint of Douglas fir
Now for the tree. Oh, let me
It's a bearable winter wonderland
That's you whip because when it comes to a tree flocking dessert topping product, it's the cream deloc cream
You guys finish trimming the tree. I'm gonna go fall asleep watching tv
I worked up and off and in Rudolph the red-nosed rain man. They laughed and called me names. Yeah, they definitely laughed and called me names
I'm an excellent flyer. Yeah
How David Lynch stole Christmas
You're a weird one
Mr. Lynch
It's a wonderful afterlife darling Shirley McClane
I wonder what the future would be like if I were never born again
And now it's time for the little people's court
Now entering the courtroom our dribble bell
They say they've been treated unfairly by this man
A mysterious gift distributor from the North Pole with a self-described belly like a bull full of jelly
This is the case of the persecuted pygmies
I read your complaints and I'm glad you've come to a really small claims court
Now mr. Elfman you feel the defendant mistreated you on the job
Well, you see some of us were headed home to no no more access
The defendant won't let us go until every jack was in a box and every toy drum was for both coming
We were so stressed out we had to form a self-elf group
You better not fail then you better not try you can't threaten them anymore cringle. I find in favor of real
Yes
Why'd you all come at once he's supposed to come one at a time
We only have a half an hour. We have a lot of other tv shows to visit
We have a gig it's saved by the bell after this
Well, which one of you is which i'm the ghost of tv dad pass
But you're not dead well ghost dad died at the box office
And i'm patrick swazy I was in ghost that's good enough
They won't who's a skinny little freak with a bad hair. That's vanilla. Oh, yeah
His career is dead. You could be watched up like him in the future
He's talking about my mama like I told my wife cameo. Anyway, we're here to show you how beautiful and touching this holiday can be
Oh, so this is supposed to help me discover the true meaning of christmas
No dice because nicolodean's mary snick christmas will be right back
Who's kirby behind the flabby facade of physical powerhouse a street fighter
A weapons expert
He's whatever the situation demands in kirby's adventure evil king did he stolen dreamland's dreams
Now kirby's fighting to get him back level by nightmarish level. That's kirby. He's cute
Till you cross him, then he's one tough cream puff kirby's adventure on nes
If kids like mirror run in the world
I'd finally have my own room and no one but my friends would be allowed to come in because I have a special lock
Put on my door
I'll have a super advanced chemistry set that i'll use to fix the ozler and cure that thing that happens to your head
When you eat ice cream too fast
And when i'm having a big mac attack i'll just go downstairs because i'm having a mickey d's built on the back of our house
Then me and my friends could act totally goofy whenever we want jonathan edward more pipe down or you'll be sent to your room
excellent
Okay, it could happen
The biggest gift that i've given to the world is happiness because if he's sad
Anybody else will be sad and you don't want the world to be one safe place
From nicolodean
Welcome back to nicolodean's mary snick christmas
I learned to wrap the box and the top separately for easy on-air openings. Just watch this vivid demonstration
I'm standing here struggling. But mom, what about some scissors? Sorry, honey. I'm trying to make a point at your expense
If you want to be a tv mom or just look like one learn tv gift wrap today
Watch your cheeks and myrtles here
Oh
Hi
Oh, I got underwear and they're used
Well, uncle burt doesn't need them at the home for the criminally insane now honey
Where are those nice slippers that aunt myrtle handmade for you?
Uh right here mom, but how come they're so stiff?
Well, she saved money by making gifts out of hair that she finds in her tub
Yeah, mistletoe. Yeah, but what can we do?
You could wash them and hope they shrink or you could wash them and make sure they shrink win
You'll die the detergent that ruins all the ugly clothes you get is present
I'll do anything not to wear these hair shoes. What about my second hand skids?
Hey, there's a mess to go around because you'll tie this family side to handle all your spanky gifts
They're freaking they're shrunk up like raisins. I could keep my drawers in my drawers. Oh, what a shame
Uh, the washer must be on the fritz, huh? And they were such nice. Yes. Hey mom, where's that bathrobe aunt myrtle made you out of drierland?
Uh-oh
Like just the washer got it too
Or just wrap up those credit gifts and give them to somebody else next year
Let's get the police to come out on christmas day for anything
Are you still hassling that foreman that's living in that junk car? Hey, hey, hey, that is not a junk car
Okay, I'd have it up and running right now if I had a good set of brake shoes and the engine wasn't in
300 pieces that I don't know how to put back together
This is just a reminder on your holiday vacation. Just say no to yellow snow
Say no to it
Hey dad, what are you doing? We're trying to cut this fruit cake
Oh, you're not really gonna eat that stuff away. Just trying to cut it into throwable chunks in case those carolers come back
I forget it here. Take this industrial diamond out to that dineriviera
Who says I don't have a holiday spirit who wants leftover turkey, but we haven't even eaten yet
That's leftover turkey from last year son
You know your mother she's got to use up every scrap of turkey if she'll never rest
How about a turkey muffin, huh or a turkey pancakes? I got turkey jerky turkey pudding turkey taco
Uh, how about turkey taffy a turkey milkshake? Oh, how about a turkey flip flop?
Turkey always makes me sleepy. How about you guys giving up yet? No way. Oh, that's a spirit
I have come to take you back
Back to your personal nightmare of days gone
No, not that
No, dad, no, please
Okay, now it is
Ned used to make me warm the seat up for him
My little buns were so cold and I never got to stay always a bridesmaid
Never a bride
You didn't open your gift. What is it another tie? Just put it with the rest of them. Oh, something really special
Is this what I think it is we all chipped in and got you a mink covered toilet seat
Oh happy day
Speaking of gifts, what happened to that nice jacket I gave you? Oh, I accidentally left it in dad's revere
Uh, I kind of accidentally left my gloves in there too. I know I saw them when I was accidentally leaving that new down comforter in there
Oh
Well that guy well actually his name is max he put it all back together
He must have been up all night and he made a great set of brakes shoes out of that fruit cake
Well, what were you doing out there? Well, I actually went out there to see if he had any use for a mink potty seat
You guys aren't mad at me, are you? Of course not good. I invited max to dinner. What do you have to say for yourself?
Mr. Holiday spirit reprise the song
Not this time
What's up at the roundhouse next week clean up with michael bolden scrubs
Mads find the hidden fruit of a needle leaf with wears walnut and play
Jump or daddy when the roundhouse returns to its regular time right after clear. That's a next week on snick
Now what kind of christmas is a very very bob christmas find out next on nick
Party place there's activities for all ages from the sports enthusiast to the youngest child
Or check out our action rides to give you thrills and chills or our video arcade room with the hottest games around
But the excitement doesn't stop. You'll also find the number one laser room arena anywhere
Enter the world of laser storm like you've never seen before
Funtasia is the place to plan your next party
Funtasia the ultimate family entertainment experience in annuate new york right off the garden state parkway at route 59
Over seven days a week. Sorry that we just made up
Ren
You'll never believe what happened
What happened
Something came out of my
That's nice timby if something came out of your butt
No, no ren. I'm serious
And not only that let's see if I got this straight
Something came out of your butt
And it made a sound
And it smelled funny
You really lost it this time
You've lost your mind
Something came out of your butt
It made a sound and it smelled funny
Yes
You're an idiot
No, ren really
I'll make another one
Watch me now
Well, you have an overactive imagination
I don't want to hear any more about your stinky fantasies
Stinky is not a fantasy
He is real
Yeah, and I will find him
Stinky
Oh stinky
Stinky stinky
Hmm
Hey guys, it's me
Hi, Stimpy
Hey, listen any of you guys seen my friend stinky
I don't think so
Well, that's a stinky
Yeah, what's he look like?
Well, uh, he's kind of small
And he smells funny and oh, yeah, he came out of my butt
He came out of your butt
Does he talk?
Well, uh, he did make a sound
He talks to farts, man
Oh, yeah, that guy
Uh, we haven't seen him, but we'll keep an eye out, right guys?
Oh sure
Well, see you
Hey, buddy. What's on TV today?
I don't care
Hey, look
Commander Hawke and Cadet Stimpy
I don't care
Here we go
It's time for muddy mudskipper
I don't care
Oh look, man. This moping's gone on long enough
Pull yourself together
Come on, Stimpy. It's been three years now
I'm starting to worry about you
I don't care
Look what I brought you
A new catnip mouse
Mr. Catnip Mouse
Look Stimpy
It's Mr. Little Box. Come on. Take a stinky one
Nice and stinky
Stinky
So that's it. You're still crying about your imaginary butt stinkiness
I'm not listening to this anymore
It's real. It's real. It's real
Look, man. It's time to get over this fantasy of yours. Let the wound heal
Come on, man. I'll help you
Together we'll get through this
Okay, buddy
I don't care
Sit here and wallow. You. You. Fat. You. Stupid. You. Yeah
Who needs you?
You've been out here for months
Come in and help me decorate the tree
You can string the dingleberry garland
Huh, huh?
Hey, Stimpy
That's all you can think of
When poor little Stinky's out there in the cold
Alone
He needs me
Stimpy no
Bring him back safe
I'm willing to hold on on the pectoral muscles
If you'll just
Bring him back
Stay tuned because Nickelodeon's merry Snick Christmas will be right back
Who's Kirby behind the flabby facade of physical powerhouse?
A street fighter
A weapons expert
He's whatever the situation demands
In Kirby's adventure evil king dating stolen dreamland's dreams now Kirby's fighting to get him back level by nightmarish level
That's Kirby. He's cute till you cross him. Then he's one tough cream puff. Kirby's adventure on nes
This gift that I've given to the world is happiness because if he's said
Anybody else will be safe and you don't want the world to be one safe place
Happy holiday
From Nickelodeon to Nickelodeon's merry Snick Christmas
Stinky Stinky Stinky
Oh, Merry Christmas
We wish you a merry Christmas
A new year
Hey, it's so good to have you home. Come in and sit by the fire
Oh, there you go pal
Snug as a bug in your rug
No, you just relax
Oh stimpy
You have a visitor
I don't care
Oh, I think you'll care about this visitor
And now you're back
It we can be together
Forever
No dad, we can't
You see, I'm all grown up now and I've got my own life to live
I'm a man now and a man has needs
You understand don't you?
No
Wait here pop
Maybe this will help you to understand
Come on in honey
Dad, I want you to meet my fiancé
Quara
Gee, she's beautiful
Man
And so by the power infested in me, I now pronounce you fire and wife
You may kiss the card. I just love a happy ending